TDT (Trovidia Dimensional Travellings) ==> After AFOW "Trovidia: Origins"
-Once 30 years passed, on Setropis, Miftahul System. Rizky Pramudya wake up from his sleep. Then, He watch alarm from his hologram. He realized that the time going to 04.00. But, he felt sleepy on this time and going to sleep again.
Then once a time going to the past, He realized that he woke late and the time is 08.00 at 2055 right now. He hurried to the bathroom with their hologram and he showered. After that, the motherly-wife has approach him and bring breakfast to him. But, he reject her offer and says that he is in a hurry. He have leave the home and go vacation to tour destination using his supersonic vehicle. The motherly-wife understand him and smiled.
-2055 CE
Meanwhile on his travel, he suddenly ran out of the battery that make him upset. Once upset, he looking for portable charging device but unfortunately his portable charging device also ran out of battery. He become more upset because this. Until 3 hours have passed, the mysterious woman suddenly appeared towards him. He shocked and feel little afraid. The mysterious woman know how he feel and try to calm down him with her smile.
"Don't worry boy, I'm here not to harm you." Says the woman.
"So, who... are... you?... Why... y-you... come... here?" Says him.
"I'm travelled from another dimension. If you still remembered me, I'm an ancestor woman of human."
"Another... dimension. Is it... exist?" says him again.
"Yes boy. As another dimension does, it's another dimension similar to your dimension with some differences as well as my dimension." Says her.
"Hmmmm, so what do you want from me and how your dimension look like? Is it like genie dimension?" says him again.
"(holding his hand) Just follow me to my 'home'. You will know it soon." said her with smiled.

"Magic? Is it magic you hold?"
"Yea, it's ancient magic that I have. My friends are also on my 'home' with my husband too."
"That's make me surprised. Maybe my magic is not as good as you, miss. I and my wife just have a rune that I harvested from asteroid impact site." says him.
"Oh Good. That's can be useful for you as weapon to protect yourself from any danger that comes to you." The woman said.
"Okay, let's go to my home at my dimension."

The mysterious woman turn on her interdimensional machine and set coordinate to 000-000-001.