In Alpha 1-1
Setropis (2075 CE)

Trovidian Empire : I think this world is peaceful because my people have live with love and our sophiscated technology and magic.... So, our people even our children are happy right now.
Pleiadean Shamans : Yes, Rizky Pramudya. I think it so. Good luck with your-

(News: Interdimensional portal opened. Mysterious Country arrives)

Negaversa : Mwahahahahaha!... Do you think this world is peaceful for you!
Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : Who is this?!
Negaversa : Oh, so young ark. I am your mortal enemie! You became newest modern ark with your wife, That's waste of time, Rizky!... Your time has ended, Rizky. Prepare for your downfall!

(News: Negaversa attacks Trovidian Empire)

Bella Putri Miftahul Nurjannah (Trovidian Empire) : You are insane, Negaversa!... How can you do this towards our entertainment building!
Negaversa : Oh girl, Is it useful!? These pathetic building make your life more pathetic.
Pleiadei (Pleiadean Shamans) : Don't intervene with my friend!
Negaversa : What so pretty blood of you, sentient?... Does your friend also help you much?... You want to feel your downfall too?... Okay, fine. I will destroy you too with your friends too.
Pleiadei (Pleiadean Shamans) : Damn!

(News: Pleiadean Shamans join Trovidian Empires side against Negaversa)

Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : Oh no, their troops are flooded on our territory.... Pleiadei, can you give me your advanced weapon to fight this monster?
Pleiadei (Pleiadean Shamans) : Sorry, Rizky. I don't have any recent of our technology to give you a new weapon.... But, maybe we have to shoot using our laser gun.

===========================================
(Negaversa activate force field shield towards their country)

Pleiadei (Pleiadean Shamans) : Shit! This thing make us harder to invade them.
Negaversa : You feel hard now to this fight?... That's your all fault. Don't make us more trouble.
Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : Bastard!... What the hell are you saying this?! I will weaken your arcane shield with this!

(News: Trovidian Empire has weaken Negaversan arcane shield with Rizky Sunlance laser magic and his Sun Rune lights)

Negaversa : Ack!

Negaversa : IMPOSSIBLE! How did you do that?! How about this!

(News: Negaversa nuke two countries)

Pleiadei (Pleiadean Shamans) : You have make our shield broken. How dare you, monster!
Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : Huh, you have ruined my country. This is ridiculous.
Negaversa : Because my shield is broken by your pathetic blood, I have to nuke you all.... Now you have pay for this.

(On satelit)
Negaversan soldiers : I have to set my secret weapon to maximum powers. Please attack this young boys civilization.

Negaversan : Look!... I have strongest laser tool to destroy any country instantly.... Your shield not even hold this laser shoot your two all. Eat this!

(Negaversa Shoot their lasers towards Pleiadean Shamans and Trovidian Empire but in the later the space princess prevented laser shoot from her comet observatory)

??? (Trovidian Empire) : You can't do it, Negaversa!... You... made a trouble... with this boy!
Negaversa : Oh, another pathetic princess. She is here?!... How can your wife help you with these toys?!
Rosalina (Trovidian Empire) : Don't underestimate me, Thanatos. I am Rosalina, the Queen of the Cosmos.
Thatantos (Negaversa) : Oh you are another pathetic bug?!... I will squash you too with your home, Rosalina!
Rosalina (Trovidian Empire) : You have failed to realize yourself. You are fool Thatanos, you had destroying another world in the past, then you had destroy many another worlds. Now, you wanted to destroy his civilizations. How dare you do this to him?!
Rosalina (Trovidian Empire) : Because this, face this power against you!

(News: Rosalina had shoot her magic and destroyed Negaversa satellite and her magic shoot to Negaversan itself)

Thatanos (Negaversa) : THIS CAN'T BE!... What the hell are you doing, Rosalina!... You had destroyed my satellite.... You always made me more trouble, Ros-
Rosalina (Trovidian Empire) : You always made him more troubles!... In the past, you had stole his interdimensional machine with his new algorithm invention, then you even use it for your evil plan.... It means that you are tainted evil. You are worse than the turtle-like king on my dimension!... I never let you to do this!

(Interdimensional beep sounds warning played)

Rosalina (Trovidian Empire) : What is that?... Other nations coming?
Thatanos (Negaversa) : What is that pathetic bug again?!

(News: Another Mysterious country appears!)
??? (United Universe) : Oh that's your fault Negarversa.