AI Voice : Welcome to dimension Delta 1-218

Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : I think I ever visit this dimension before.
Ocelos (UU) : Well, what do you know about this dimension?
Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : Freya Winters from Free Worlds, Sayari from Hai Empire, Rek d' Esta'a i' Veruk from Wanderers, and Alastair Korban from Syndicate Megacorporation.
Ocelos (UU) : Good, are you sure to talking to them?
Bella Putri Miftahul Nurjannah (Trovidian Empire) : Yeah. Just talk to them.

Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : Hello, everyone on this galaxy.
??? : Hello Rizky. Welcome back to our world. How do you get to this dimension?
Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : Rek, how are you today? What happened to you and this galaxy?
Rek d' Esta'a i' Veruk (Wanderers) : Hello Rizky. Welcome back to our world. The situation on our space is not good because Unfettered Hai. How do you get to this dimension?
Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : I'm going to another dimension for gathering some nations to fight against tainted evil. With this person called Ocelos.
Freya Winters (Free Worlds) : Who are that tainted evil?
Unfettered Hai : What the hell such thing another dimension? There is no another dimension!
Rek d' Esta'a i' Veruk (Wanderers) : Shut up, Unfettered. They does exist. You always made trouble with us.
Sayari (Hai Empire) : Hi Rizky and your friends. How are you?
Rizky Pramudya (Trovidian Empire) : I'm fine right now.
Bella Putri Miftahul Nurjannah (Trovidian Empire) : But, we got swept away by this tainted evil. The tainted evil is Negaversa. They has magic when they fight. So, be careful with them.
Alastair Korban (Syndicate Corporation) : Oh no, this sounds terrible.
Freya Winters (Free Worlds) : If so, what should we do? Can we help you all?
Ocelos (UU) : Of course. We included you all on United Universe. Let's depart to dimension Alpha ???-???
AI Voice : would you like to depart to dimension Alp-
Esketka Horek (Pug) : Can I join you, foreigners?
Ocelos (UU) : Of course. Let's depart to dimension Alpha ???-???
AI Voice : would you like to depart to dimension Alpha ???-???
Ocelos (UU) : Exactly.
(Dimensional Screen)