Trailer of World War Infinity Mapping Series

World

War

Infinity

World War Infinity

(Earth on unknown dimension)
North Korea : This new bomb research has finished by our best scientist. It can be more effective than the most effective nuclear ever.... And for testing about it, we need a secret place to avoid attention from the world, especially from America.

North Korea : Yes, we found a secret place to throw these bomb.... Let's Throw it.

North Korea : Done

United States of America : North Korea, you got caught by using your nuclear bomb in your country.
North Korea : What the hell did you saying, America?!... I never did it.
United States of America : You are liar!... Are you can't see?... These effects is too dangerous.
North Korea : Is it true?!... Also, why do you want to intervene us?!... It's not your business to do.
United States of America : Because of your actions, I'll give you a sanctions that you just know it yourself and report it to other countries in the world!

North Korea : Oh, just that!... How dare you do this!?... If so, you will pay for this!

(North Korea send their bomb toward USA but USA throw nukes to North Korea)

Russian Federation : America, why did you send nukes towards North Korea?
United States of America : Because he invented some of bomb that too dangerous for humanity Russia.... Do you think that's action is not too dangerous so much for you?!... Think again, Russia.
Russian Federation : Just it, America? Just it?!... What about this? I send a 'gift' to you.

(Russian Federation sent nukes towards USA)

United States of America : Oh, so you want to get sanctions too?... You wanna start a war against me?!... Okay, fine. How about this?... Just experience it.

(USA send nukes to Russia Federation)

Russian Federation : You are unciviled swine!... I just start a war against Ukraine and then you.
Ukraine : Oh, crap.

(USA-Ukraine and Russian Federation starts war)

Belarus : Russia, I will join you as you have helped me.

(Belarus join war with Russian Federation)

Lithuania : I have to join war against you Russia. If you don't stop. I will declare war against you.
Latvia and Estonia : Don't scare my friend!... How did you do this to Ukraine?... As Our heart aren't willing for this invasion, We will join on Ukraine side.

(Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia join war against Russian Federation)

China : Oh no, as many countries in Europe join war in America side. I will join to Russian Federation as they are liberalist and not suitable with me.

(China joins Russian Federation side)

Poland : I will help Ukraine and America side.... I shall stop these pig for this dirty invasion!

(Poland Join war)

All European Countries : We shall help America and fight against these terrible!

(European Join war)

India : It's not acceptable!... I shall join China and Russia and destroy all of American side.

(India Join war)

Pakistan : India, don't do it.... How dare you?
India : Why?... You want our friends had destroyed because these big pigs?!.... Nah, I do.
Pakistan : But, your act like a kids.... If so, I join America side!
Sri Lanka : I agree with you, Pakistan.... India, you shouldn't do it.
India : If so, I shall destroy you too.

(Pakistan and Sri Lanka join war against Russian side)

Canada : My friends in America and in Europe are in troubles with Russia. I will help you all, my friends.

(Canada Join America Side against Russia)

All CSTO Members : For the sake of our vision, we shall help Russia and try to fight these capitalism!
Stanian Countries : We shall join to China side too.
Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh : No no no... You are all idiot, Stanians!... We will join America against you all.

(CSTO Members and Stanian Countries join against America side but Himalayans countries join against Russia)
(South Korea and Japan join war against Russia)
(World War III Begins)

(Then mysterious countries appears on Kolyma)

Negaversa : How pathetic are you, Humans?... You do such a terrible things.... We are... Humanity ultimate downfall.

Japan : Oh no, what the hell is that?
Mongolia : Ah, I don't have an idea what the hell this country doing towards us?... Oh no, these black out.
South Korea : World War III, this mysterious country, and many shit troubles occured us.... Maybe, it's time for the world to fall under destruction because human mistakes.

(United Universe appeared)
Chad : What the hell is that country?

United Universe : Hello humans, I'm here to save you.... Negaversa trying to destroy you all quickly.
Humanity : What do you want t-
United Universe : Please quick, come here with me and I will evacuate you all.

(Negaversa blasted their power and destroy the world quickly, but United Universe evacuate all before Negaversa doing it.)

Negaversa : The world is mine.... See you all humans. Mwahahahahaha!